you
hi i'm mike williamson we're for ryan
villopoto for Monster Energy Kawasaki my
ten years at Kawasaki we've been running
poison products the whole time it's one
thing that stays consistent and it's
been a big help for us winning
championships controlling the engine
temperature is one of the key things we
work on here at Kawasaki you know the
two strokes they ran a lot cooler now
that we've gone to the four strokes and
the more horsepower you make the hotter
they want to run so keeping the engine
temp down is a big help for increasing
horsepower and longevity with the four
strokes these days making too much power
and getting the temperature too hot
you'll tend to lose power maybe at the
end of the Moto or during the race and
you never get that back and pre-season
testing we spent a lot of time working
with poison and trying to keep the
engine temp down and consistent is the
main thing the boys in super cooler has
a bigger housing larger impeller
for more efficient cooling the biggest
obstacle for us outdoors is keeping the
radiators free of mud sand debris
anything like that
we run same radiators but we run Maxima
coolant all with an oil cooler also but
the most important part is the boys and
super cooler to keep everything flowing
and moving all the time it's been great
over the years to work with the guys
from poison because the worst nightmare
as a mechanic is having an overheating
engine and having to push you back and
change an engine it's my job to keep the
bike running and the riders job to win
the race
you
HFI represents poisons holistic approach
to increasing the fluid flow rates of
your machines cooling system HFI forms
the backbone of the poison super core
advantage it is motocross engineering at
its finest and essentially focused on
correcting the inefficiency and
production based design limitations
found in most stock water pump systems
what's the result of the HFI design
process superior fluid flow rates
increased hydrodynamic cooling
efficiency and the pinnacle or fulton
heat management performance that you can
buy stock water pump interiors often
exhibit square-edged internal channel
surfaces sharp-edged fluid Inlet
passages these imperfections are most
often result of mass production tooling
limitations and a leading cause of most
stock water pumps inability to deliver
enough point to your engine when it is
raised hard or for long periods of time
and hot and muddy conditions this is
where the super cooler shines in
comparison to your stock water pump
system the super coolers op deform
interior surfacing process eliminates
all current flow pinch points resulting
in a hydrodynamically efficient interior
that dramatically increases coolant flow
efficiency and ultimately leaks
increased fluid flow re-entry rates into
your bike's engine stock water pump
systems have relatively small intake
passages this ultimately reduces their
overall coolant reentry capacity and
limits their internal cooling system
fluid pressure internal fluid pressure
is the most important element that
affects how effective your cooling
system is at heat dissipation by using
larger inlet openings the super cooler
allows coolant to reenter your engine
faster and get your expensive cylinder
quicker ultimately making more coolant
available to absorb and remove heat less
heat the
more horsepower Canada moto the super
coolers hydrodynamically optimizing
teller increases overall coolant flow
rates and virtually eliminates coolant
cavitation when prepared to stop water
pump designs the super coolers impeller
is designed to be hydro dynamically
efficient meaning that it not only
propels the cooling fluid into the
engine without cavitation but it demands
less parasitic loss from the engine
these two factors allow your bike's
engine to produce more horsepower and
most importantly maintain that output
throughout the long summer Moto's or in
muddy conditions poisons patented pro
flow anti cavitation impeller is one of
the most beneficial performance
advantages when comparing the super
cooler to stop water pump systems the
anti cavitation performance of the pro
flow impeller increases overall coolant
flow rates and increases your bikes
ability to handle high heat dissipation
crafted in response to the demands of
raising the super cooler is the most
hydrodynamically advanced bolt on water
pump cooling system the system so good
the numerous pro motocross teams rely on
it safe tried request for championships
the boys in super cool delivers superior
engine heat management the fastest
coolant flow rates and the most precise
hydro dynamically optimized water pump
technology currently available worldwide
now more than ever the challenge of
maintaining horsepower and of
controlling internal temperatures our
areas of engine setup that can be
addressed by the amateur racing family
not just factory based not a factory
secret anymore
these smart runner boys in super core it
is a true racing advantage